PZ-3365 - Adding mobileAppCheckout object to Payment response (#638)
mollie/api-documentation: source/mobile-apps/getting-started-payments.rst

Step 3: Call your server and open the Checkout URL
--------------------------------------------------
To initiate a payment from your app you need to call the file you have created in step 1 and open
the browser with the Checkout URL you will receive. **Do this in the native browser of the device
and not in an in-app browser view** since the operating systems will reject opening the bank apps
from these views. If the ``method`` supports a ``mobileAppCheckout`` URL, use that URL as redirect

> instead of the regular ``checkout`` URL to open the banking app directly from your app without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instead of the regular ``checkout`` URL. This will open the banking app directly from your app without
```
